How to make asw work with Assetto Corsa

Method #1
1) Launch Assetto Corsa and asw. The order does not matter.
2) Go to options, then to controls.
3) Pick "wheel custom" as your control method.
4) Start assigning steering by clicking on the corresponding "click to assign" button.
5) Now rotate the left controller stick.
   The game should recognize this input and assign something like "axis 1" from "vJoy device" to the steering.
   Sometimes the game will assign the Xbox controller to the steering instead.
   This happens because the game sees the inputs from both devices.
   If this happens keep trying until the "vJoy device" is assigned.
   If the "vJoy device" does not get assigned even after many tries, go to Method #2 described below.
   Leave the degrees of rotation at 900.
6) Assign the throttle and brake to the triggers the same way.
7) Assign the remaining controls to your preference using normal means.
8) Leave the advanced steering and pedal setting at default.
   (You can alter these setting later if you feel like it, but the default work well.)
9) You can now play the game.

Method #2 - Use this method if Method #1 fails.
A special asw mode called bindmode will be used in this method. Bindmode is only meant to be used for assigning (binding) controls. Bindmode makes the vJoy axis move on it's own. When you're done assigning controls using bindmode, exit asw and launch it in normal mode.
1) Launch asw from the command line with the following command:
   asw -b 1
2) Launch Assetto Corsa.
3) Go to options, then to controls.
4) Pick "wheel custom" as your control method.
5) Start assigning steering by clicking on the corresponding "click to assign" button.
   The game should recognize input generated by asw and assign something like "axis 1" from "vJoy device" to the steering.
6) Use the alt+tab key combination to switch back to the command window that is running asw.
7) Exit asw by pressing the Escape key and relaunch it will the following command:
   asw -b 2
8) Now use alt+tab to switch back to Assetto Corsa and start assigning the brakes by clicking the corresponding "click to assign" button.
   The game should recognize input generated by asw and assign something like "axis 7" from "vJoy device" to the brakes.
9) Use alt+tab to switch back to the command window that is running asw.
9) Exit asw by pressing the Escape key and relaunch it will the following command::
   asw -b 3
10) Use alt+tab to switch back to Assetto Corsa and start assigning the throttle by clicking the corresponding "click to assign" button.
    The game should recognize input generated by asw and assign something like "axis 8" from "vJoy device" to the throttle.
11) After you're done assigning the 3 main controls, use alt+tab to switch back to the command window running asw.
12) Exit asw by pressing the Escape key and relaunch it in normal mode with the following command:
    asw
13)	Use alt+tab to switch back to Assetto Corsa assign the remaining controls to your preference using normal means.
14) Leave the advanced steering and pedal setting at default.
    (You can alter these setting later if you feel like it, but the default work well.)
15) You can now play the game.

Note: It is possible that one of the controls will get assigned inverted, if that is the case, just click the invert check box.
